# Unsupervised-Clustering-Machine-Learning
In this repository, I learn how to use clustering algorithms to use machine learning on a dataset with unsupervised learning. I create a final project as well where I implement these forms of machine learning. The folder labeled "Learning-K-Means" contains the projects I have made to learn K-Means clustering. This involves using the elbow method on the loaded "iris" dataset that is included with the Seaborn library. Next, I explored hierarchial clustering in the folder labeled "Learning-Hierarchial". This folder contains projects that I created to analyze datasets using hierarchial clustering rather than K-Means clustering. Next, in the Banknote project, I compare the efficiency and accurarcy of using hierarchial versus k-means clustering on a dataset. In the customer-churn project, I additionally implement other classifiers such as LogisticRegression, RandomForestClassifier, and SVM. Using these models, with the addition of K-Means and hierarchial clustering, I explored a dataset and determined which clustering model was the most accurate in classifying. Finally, I created a final project within the "Final-Project" folder where I used what I had learned from the previous projects. I analyzed a new dataset that accurately classified the type of credit card user a user is based on data about the user. More information is provided within the markdown file in the "Final-Project" folder. In conclusion, this repository highlights my journey towards learning and understanding clustering machine learning that works without supervision.
